Add performance handbook for EVM and Chainlink nodes (#770)
smartcontractkit/documentation: docs/Node Operators/evm-performance-configuration.md

> 📘 Note:
>
> Ethereum clients have bugs. Much work is done on the Chainlink node software to mitigate bugs in various different RPC implementations. This guide helps you understand how to mitigate and work around these bugs.

**Table of Contents**

- [Using multiple nodes](#using-multiple-nodes)
- [Automatic load balancing and failover](#automatic-load-balancing-and-failover)
- [Configuring websocket and HTTP URLs](#configuring-websocket-and-http-urls)
- [Increasing transaction throughput](#increasing-transaction-throughput)
  - [Increase ETH_MAX_QUEUED_TRANSACTIONS](#increase-eth_max_queued_transactions)
  - [Increase ETH_MAX_IN_FLIGHT_TRANSACTIONS](#increasing-transaction-throughput)
- [Optimizing RPC nodes](#optimizing-rpc-nodes)
- [Remove rejections on expensive transactions](#remove-rejections-on-expensive-transactions)
- [Increase ORM_MAX_OPEN_CONNS and ORM_MAX_IDLE_CONNS](#increase-orm_max_open_conns-and-orm_max_idle_conns)

## Using multiple nodes

> Providing multiple primary nodes can improve performance and reliability, and is supported in Chainlink node version 1.3.0 and later. Chainlink nodes support configurations with multiple primary nodes and send-only nodes with automatic liveness detection and failover. It is no longer necessary to run a load balancing failover RPC proxy between Chainlink and its EVM RPC nodes.

Reviewer: Callouts are missing

If you are using a failover proxy transparently for commercial node provider services, it will continue to work properly as long as the RPC you are talking to acts just like a standard RPC node.

You can have as many primary nodes as you want. Requests are evenly distributed across all nodes, so the performance increase will be linear as you add more nodes. If a node fails with no heads for several minutes or a failed liveness check, it is removed from the live pool and all requests are routed to one of the live nodes. If no live nodes are available, the system attempts to use nodes from the list of failed nodes at random.

> You can configure as many send-only nodes as you want. Send-only nodes only broadcast transactions and do not process regular RPC calls. Specifying additional send-only nodes uses a minimum number of RPC calls and can help to include transactions faster. Send-only nodes also act as backup if your primary node starts blackholing transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure as many send-only nodes as you want. Send-only nodes only broadcast transactions and do not process regular RPC calls. Specifying additional send-only nodes uses a minimum number of RPC calls and can help to include transactions faster. Send-only nodes also act as backup if your primary node starts blackhole-ing transactions.
```
